- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we will use CDI to inject our InventoryService bean
into a JSF backing bean.
So you'll see that we have our local inventory service
which implements the InventoryService interface.
And we're going to leverage that
within our CatalogItemFormBean.
This bean serves as a backing bean
within our JSF application
and because it is a backing bean,
it can have its dependencies injected into it.
Now, right now you see that we're getting an EJB injected
into the CatalogItemFormBean.
We no longer need to use the EJB annotation
since CDI has come along.
We can just change this over to Inject
and the Inject annotation
is preferred moving forward with EJBs.
Now, in order to inject our InventoryService,
we just declare a field of type InventoryService
and then we can give it a name of inventoryService
and then we add the Inject annotation
on this field
and that's known as the injection point.
So where we add the Inject annotation
on a field or wherever within the class,
in the documentation, we'll hear that referred
to as the injection point.
Now, this is going to cause CDI
to take that bean instance from the container
and inject it into our CatalogItemFormBean
so that we can leverage it within the bean itself.
So here, we're going to modify the logic
within our addItem method
to leverage our new InventoryService.
So I'm going to remove this line
where we just print out the items in the catalog
and we're going to replace it with a call
to our inventoryService's createItem method.
So here we can supply the ItemId
as the first argument to our createItem method
and then we can get the item
and on that item, we can get the name
and pass that in as the second argument.
Okay, so we're supplying that to our inventoryService
via the createItem method
and we're going to add one thing to our implementation.
We're going to add some logic
that will print some messages to the console
so that we can distinguish
that we are using our local InventoryService.
So I'm just going to create a method called printInventory
and then we can define that on our bean.
And within that printInventory method,
let's just go ahead and we can add some console output.
We'll say Local inventory contains
and then we're going to just loop through
the entries in our map.
So for each entry,
let's make sure we got the right import there
and we're going to have to remove that.
We'll want to make sure
that we grab the entry from the map.
There we go.
Okay.
Now for each entry in the map,
we're going to basically iterate through them.
And print them out to the console.
So we'll get the value from the map entry
and then get the name of that item.
Okay, and here we have some output now within our bean
so that we can get some insights into what's going on.
All right, with that in place,
we can go ahead, check our server
and start our application.
K, there you can see that our application is up.
I'm going to go ahead and clear the console.
And then we'll open a browser
and if we navigate to our application,
we can go ahead, add the gloves in.
Submit our form
and here you'll see that CDI
injected our bean within our JSF backing bean
and we're able to see the console output
from our InventoryService bean.